Software Testing Life Cycle

REQUIREMENT ANALYSIS
During this phase, test team studies and analyzes the requirements from a testing perspective. This phase helps to identify whether the requirements are reachable or not. 
PLANNING 
Test planning is the first step of the testing process. In this phase typically Test Manager/Test Lead involves determining the effort and cost estimates for the entire project. Preparation of Test Plan will be done based on the requirement analysis. Activities like resource planning, determining roles and responsibilities, tool selection (if automation), training requirement etc., carried out in this phase. 
DESIGN
Test team starts with test cases development activity here in this phase. The team prepares test cases, test scripts (if automation) and test data. Once the test cases are ready then these test cases are reviewed by peer members or team lead. 
ENVIRONMENTAL SETUP
This phase can be started in parallel with Test design phase. Test environment setup is done based on the hardware and software requirement list. Some cases test team may not be involved in this phase. Development team or customer provides the test environment. Meanwhile, test team should prepare the smoke test cases to check the readiness of the given test environment. 
EXECUTION
Test team starts executing the test cases based on the planned test cases. If a test case result is Pass/Fail then the same should be updated in the test cases. Defect report should be prepared for failed test cases and should be reported to the Development Team for fixing the defects. 
CLOSURE
This is the final stage where Testing team will be called out for a meeting to evaluate cycle completion criteria based on Test coverage, Quality, Time, Cost, Software, Business objectives. Test team analyses the test artifacts (such as Test cases, Defect reports etc.,) to identify strategies that have to be implemented in future, which will help to remove process bottlenecks in the upcoming projects. 